A quick note for you guys, wondering if this course is for you or what Laravel version does it cover?
You need to know the Laravel has recently changed the way it is versioned version.
FIFO was released on February 4th, 2015, and version five eight on February 26, 2019.
So the version five was out there for four full years.
Now, since version six of Laravel Date has changed, the new major version is out every six months.
So Version six came out September 2019 and by September 2020, we already have version eight.
So what does that mean for you?
Well, you can probably imagine that you can't squeeze so many changes in a software project in six
months that you could in four years.
Well, I'm trying to say that, as I recall, this November 2020, eight four is the most up to date
version of Laravel.
But if you watch this in March 2021, then nine is the most recent version.
Is this completely different?
Do you have an outdated course?
No, not at all.
Their principles stay the same.
There might be slight changes here and there, but nothing that beginners should worry about anyway.
So don't worry about the version of Laravel.
You'll be fine.
The course is updated on a regular basis anyway.
It was originally recorded when version five seven was out, so I got you covered there.